could:
The word "could" indicates the possibility of both the past and the present but not the future.
 It is used to express the ability
 or potential to do something in the past or the present, but not for future events.

Would:
 would is only used to show the possibility of future.
Or used for past future event.
"He said, 'I will come tomorrow.'" - This is a direct statement in the present, where someone expresses their intention to come tomorrow.

may and might:
"may" is generally used to express present or future possibilities and permission, while "might" is used for past possibilities or less likely future possibilities, though it can also be used to express polite permission

Example: "She said she might attend the party if she finishes her work on time.

"May" is also used to ask for or grant permission.
Example 1 (asking for permission): "May I borrow your pen, please?"
Example 2 (granting permission): "You may use the computer after finishing your homework.

example_3:it may rain later this afternoon.    50% posibility
this example show the future posibility.   

example_4:you might go to the city.           30% posibility
this also show the future less posibility.

expressing wishes:
example_5: May the new year bring you joy and success.

polite request:
example_6:May I offer you a cup of tea?

past posibility:
example_7:She said she might come to the meeting.

1)he may come. show 50% posibility of future.
2)he might come.show 30% posibility of future.
3)he must come. it is confirmation case.100% posibility


present continous tense predicting:
1)don't call him, he may be sleeping.more posibility
2)don't call him, he might be sleeping.less posibility
3)don't call him, he must be sleeping.confirmation

use cases of might in past:
1)She said she might come to the party, but she didn't show up.
2)We thought it might rain yesterday, but the weather stayed clear.
3)He might have forgotten his keys at home.

note:these models verb show the mode of the sentenc.

difference between can,may and might:
"Can" is for ability, "may" is for permission or possibility, and "might" is actually use for past possibility or less future posibility or  polite  permission.



Anyone : when more than two choices given and you choose one of them
For instance: choose any one of them


Either : if only two choices are given then use the word either .
And there is no doubt and one of them will be chosen.
For instance : choose either one of them


Weather(ya to): when there are doubt in the outcome then use the weather .
. it is often use for the direct and indirect question.
For instance , I am not sure whether to go left or right .
example_2:either he didn't see me or ignored me.
example_3:either pay rent or vacate the house.




Active voice and Pasive voice points:
1)porpouse:it's porpouse to hide the subject of a sentence.
for instance: the meal is eaten by him.

2)No change:the intransitive verb doesn't change into the pasive voice,
and also the sentence which include any preposition that sentence never be changed to pasive voice.
for instance:he sleeps.
he goes to school.
the first sentence include intransitvie verb and the second sentence contains preposition.



transitive verb:the sentence which sense completed without the object.
for instence:he sleeps
intransitive verb:the sentence which sense doesn't completed without the object.
 





